---
title: "Events"
bg: orange
color: black
fa-icon: fa-calendar
---

####Events

#Rice Launch hosts a series of events each year designed to educate Rice students about Entrepreneurship. 

**Entrepreneurship Summit**
We bring together almost 300 students from Rice, UofH, and St. Thomas, as well as 50 Houston­ area entrepreneurs to educate and inspire students to participate in entrepreneurship. Students are put into teams with similar interests. In this day­long event, teams come up with a business venture, and prepare a short 5­ minute pitch. Throughout the day students attend workshops on different aspects of entrepreneurship, as well as learning what components go into a solid business pitch.

**Entrepreneurship Draft**
We bring together over 120 entrepreneurially­ minded students from across campus, pair them up with other students of similar interests, with business ideas, or mentors that have problems in certain sectors of interest. In this 2­ day event, teams go out and get experience doing market research, as well as talk to experts and start developing their ideas/ventures.

**Rice Undergraduate Venture Challenge**
20 ventures thought­up by students here on campus compete in a business plan competition. We bring in over 30 houston­area entprenreneur­mentors to judge. We also provide teams with various resources to further develop their idea/venture, as well as to prepare the best pitch that they can. In the end, the top 3 teams are extended invitations to participate in OwlSpark, Rice’s summer accelerator program.

**Women’s Entrepreneurship Panel**
Collaboration event with Women LEAD. We bring in 5 prominent women entrepreneurs from the Houston­area. Last year, 4 of them were Rice Alumni. With over 100 Rice women in attendance, the panelists are asked pre­prepared questions on their journey of business and entrepreneurship as women.

**Social Entrepreneurship Panel**
Collaboration event with Rice Empower and Collegiate Leadership Collaborative. We bring in a few social ventures here on campus, as well as inviting the most prominent leaders at Rice University. Each venture presents the kind of work and outreach that they do, and a discussion will follow on how to bring to light these ventures to students here at Rice, and brainstorm ways on how more students can get involved.

**Biweekly Open Meetings**
Located in a central, easy­to­find space where students feel comfortable stopping by, we will have our biweekly open meetings for any student who is interested in learning more about entrepreneurship. We will bring in a speaker to talk on a subject of his/her expertise, and conversations will stem from this lecture. This will serve as an established “Entrepreneurship­hour” that students can attend as regularly as they would like. Ideally we would set a curriculum so that a range of important topics are covered in a certain order throughout the school year.


